ACS-6174 Add install-ubuntu-default-tools action for required Ubuntu tools installation (#463)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

          new-version: 1.0.0
```

### install-ubuntu-default-tools

> Install required Ubuntu tools such as docker, git, zip, unzip, python3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install common Ubuntu tools such as docker, git, zip, unzip, python3. Meant to be used on top of self-hosted runners with vanilla ubuntu images.
```

```yaml
      - uses: Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools/.github/actions/install-ubuntu-default-tools@ref
        with:

>           package-names-list: "postgresql-client"

Reviewer 2: Remember to update this as well in case we refactor the name of the input.
